Good morning, family. I am excited to
be with you all again today. I have a word
for you. I was praying and
seeking the Lord one night, and about 3:00
AM,
the Lord came to me
very loudly in my spirit and
said, 'Brandon, you are asking Me
about who the
major leaders in the End Time Army will
be.'As
I was praying about this, He
said, 'John Kilpatrick will be one of the
major voices in the End Time Army that you
can trust and listen
to.'This
was what the Lord spoke to me, so I
check in on his ministry every once in a
while and listen to see what is going
on. One of my family members sent
me a video that he did a couple of Sundays
ago about a word that the Lord gave
him in the middle of the night. I
am
putting it all on
here to show you that
the Lord gave him a warning,
telling him about major
earthquakes and volcanoes
that were going to start to
take place. I believe what he was
seeing was for the United States. I
am
telling you all, I saw a major event
taking place; as he pointed out,
what the Lord showed him is
in Oregon. I do not want to go
on
until you can watch it.
I
want to tell you all this: it
is
amazing to see when God speaks to people
who
are prophetic. It
is
like a mirror; it
different, but it is the same because it
is
the same Spirit of the Lord. He
speaks to each one of us differently
in
the way we interpret it, and
I
think it is amazing. I
want to encourage you all to watch
this whole thing. This is a prophetic
message for today—a warning
for what is coming. A major shift and a major
shaking are about to take place in this
world, and it is not just about America; it
is
about a worldwide wake-up. Jesus
Christ is coming, and you better be ready.
If you are not saved, today is your day.
You need to get born again, turn,
and repent of your sins, for Jesus Christ
is coming. I want to encourage you all
to
please watch this
whole thing; it will bless you. This
sermon is amazing, and I hope
it
blesses you. Knowing this first:
there shall come in the last days
scoffers, walking after their own lusts
and
saying, 'Where is
the promise of His
coming? For since the fathers fell
asleep—the
ones who used to be alive
and
told us the Lord was
coming—He
hasn't
come.'All
things continue as they were from
the beginning of creation without
missing a
lick. The Bible says that
they are
willingly
ignorant. They have made up their minds
that no matter what they
see, they are going to be untouched by
it. They have made up their
minds that no matter what sign is taking
place in the world on their televisions
and before their very eyes, they are not
going to believe. They
have
a blindfold
on; they are willfully ignorant
of the word of the Lord. The
heavens were of old and the Earth
standing out of the water and in the
water. It says two things:
'willingly
ignorant.'Not
just ignorant, but willingly
ignorant. They won't let it
penetrate them, won't think on it, won't
tell their
children, and won't discuss it with their
spouse.
Pastors won't preach it to their
congregations; they willingly stick their head
in the sand or put a blindfold on and
say, 'No, it's nothing
important.'I
saw preachers standing behind the
pulpit, and they had oil—this
smooth-looking oil—all
over their
mouths,
and it was dripping from their
lips. They had roaches and bugs
crawling in and out of their mouths and
laying upon their lips. They
were crawling in their teeth, and the
bugs were crawling in and out of their
mouths
as they
spoke.
They had a
sheen
in their eyes; their
motives behind what they were preaching
were
all
selfish
gain, trying to appease the ears of the
people. Then I saw the ears of the people,
and I could see their ears were
being pacified by all these whispers
of the things that were happening in the
spirit.
'Everything is going to be good; all
things are going to work for your
good for those who love the
Lord.'They
were speaking the Word, but they
were not speaking what was on God's
heart. They were speaking things, but they
weren't speaking things to make you grow.
I saw
those
bugs coming out of their teeth and
mouths,
and the Lord spoke to
me and said,
'Brandon, the preachers are not
teaching the meat of the Word to
grow My children up
into adult stature.'And those who are on
terrorist watch lists are
crossing into our country now every day,
many times a
day. I know that many people coming
across our borders are desperate for a
new life and a new start, and I
understand that. I really do. I feel sorry
for many of
them; they are poor, they cannot get healthcare, and
they dream
of coming to
America. I can understand they
are
willing to pay any price to get here,
even if it means coming in illegally, and
my heart goes out to them. But there are
many others who have an evil
intent to destroy our country and
our way of
life. I want to show you a scripture; it
is
found in Nahum 3:13.
I am
going to read it in
the King James first, and then I am going
to read it in the NIV and the New Living
Translation. Here is the King
James: 'Behold, thy people in the midst of
thee are women: the gates of thy land
shall be set wide open unto thine enemies.'In
Nahum 3:13
(NIV), it says: 'Look at
your troops—they are all
weaklings. The gates of your land are
wide open to your
enemies.'But
this one really gets
me—the
New Living Translation: 'Your troops will
be as weak and helpless as women. The
gates of your land will be opened wide
to the enemy.'That
is
the southern border. I have
heard so much talk about the southern
border and
how this is
not happening. This presidential
candidate said, 'I am going to build a wall
and we are going to keep them
out.'Another
president gets elected and he opens them
up, and anyone can come. It
is sickening—it
is sickening. It is like there is no care
anymore. We do not care who comes in. We do
not
care if they have bombs. We do
care if a hundred of them come in
and they
all have parts to a nuclear
bomb; they will build it and
try to have a limited nuclear weapon
explode somewhere in this country. If
that happens, I hate to say it, but we
deserve it because we have
thrown all caution to the wind. Ladies
and gentlemen, our country is in great
peril, and I think it is time
someone
stands up and says it. Let me read this
to you again in the New Living
Translation: 'Your troops will be as weak
and helpless as
women.'In
other words, the troops will be
completely
ineffective. The gates of your land open
wide to the enemy. Open wide to
whom?
To people wanting
a better life? No, open wide
to the enemy. You see, what happens when
you put a blindfold on is the enemy
is
coming in, and you do not even care
anymore.
Listen: you sow to the wind, you
will
reap the
whirlwind. Now I want to show you this
scripture in Nahum. This is
interesting; I think this sums up the
Biden administration as well as any
scripture I have ever
read: 'Behold, I am against thee,'saith the
Lord of
hosts; 'I will discover thy skirts upon
thy
face; I will show the nations
nakedness, and the kingdoms thy
shame.'In
the NIV it says: 'I
am
against
you,'declares
the Lord Almighty. 'I will lift
your skirts over your face; I will show
the nations your nakedness and
the kingdoms your
shame.'The
kingdoms of this world are
seeing how weak our president is and how
weak his administration
is—from
the
Secretary of Defense to the Secretary of
State to the president himself. Weak, weak,
weak, weak. America is in peril,
and unless something happens pretty
quickly,
America is going to be in great
peril. I
saw tens of millions of people coming
from the Mexican border—the southern
border—trying
to invade America over the
next year. But it wasn't all people
from Mexico. They were
from all over the world. I literally saw
millions of people
coming—millions—so
much that whenever you're in a
crowd at a football field or a big
concert, they're stacked upon
stacked, all in
lines. It's like a sea of people
coming across trying
to come across the border, but that was
like all at once, all trying to come
at once, and there was
nothing they could do. There were so many
people seeking
God for revival because, as well
as I do now, revival is the only thing
that will make a difference in America.
It's the only thing. Revival is the cure
of all ills. We need the government to be
on the shoulders of Jesus Christ. That's
what we need. Come on, somebody help me! I
said we need the government to be on his
shoulders. Can you shout,
'Amen'? The only thing that's going to save
America is an awakening unto God. That's
the only thing that's ever going to save
us
is Jesus Christ and preaching him
crucified and what he did on that cross
for you. We need to get born again,
we need to get on fire for the Lord,
and you start being the salt of the
earth and teaching people the word of
God. That's what's going to change a
nation, not
politics. Politicians are just human.
Jesus said this in Luke 17: 'As it
was in the days of
Noah, so will it be also in the days
of the Son of
Man. They ate and they drank, they married
wives, and they were given in marriage
until the day that Noah entered the ark,
and the flood came and destroyed
everybody.'Likewise,
Jesus mentions this;
he said, 'I want to bring to your
attention, likewise it was also as it was
in the days of
Lot. They ate and they drank, they bought,
they sold, they planted, they built. But on
the day that Lot went out of
Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from
heaven and destroyed them
all. Even so it will be in the day when
the Son of Man is revealed.'Jesus said
this. Now, this came out of the mouth of
Jesus. This is why they didn't like Jesus,
because Jesus was a truth-teller. He
wasn't trying to make nobody mad; he was
just saying, 'I'm a watchman on the wall
and I see something I think you need to
know.'And
he said, 'As you read about these
stories in your scriptures, read and
understand: in the last days, it's going
to be just like this, like it was in the
days of Noah and in the days of
Lot.'He
said, 'As it was in that day, it will be in
the day when the son of man is
revealed.'And
then he said, 'Remember this: remember
Lot's
wife.'Now
I'm going to talk about these
in just a
minute. So Abram, in chapter 13 of Genesis,
said to
Lot, 'Let there be no strife, son, I pray,
between me and you and between my
herdsmen
and your herdsmen, for we're
brethren. Is not the whole land before
you? Separate yourself, I pray, from me. If
you'll take the left, I'll go to the
right. If you don't go to the right, I'll
go to the
left.'And
Lot lifted up his eyes. He
was a
narcissist. He wanted what was best for
him, not what was best for his
respectable and honorable uncle
Abraham. But a narcissist wants what's
best for
them. Could I say this before I go any
further? That's what's wrong today with
leadership in America. Just about every
one of them is
a
narcissist. Could I say that one more
time? What's wrong
today is the people on
subcommittees; they're more interested in
that camera being on them and them
so-called pinning a witness down so that
they can look good. But their people at
home are more concerned about
looking good to the people at home than
they are trying to find the
truth. He said Lot lifted up his eyes and
behold the plain of
Jordan; it was well-watered everywhere
before the Lord destroyed Sodom and
Gomorrah, even as the garden of the Lord,
which was like Eden. It was
beautiful, like the land of Egypt,
all the way down
to a place called
Zoar.
And Lot chose him the plain of Jordan
and Lot journeyed east, and they
separated from each other.
Abram dwelt in the land of
Canaan, and Lot dwelt in the cities of
the plain and pitched his
tent toward Sodom.
Big
mistake. But the men of Sodom were wicked
and
sinners before the Lord
exceedingly. There came a day in
chapter 19, verses 1 through 4—I'm going to read this, I
can read it better; the word says it
better than I can preach
it—there
came two angels to
Sodom at evening, and Lot sat at the
gates of
Sodom. And Lot saw these angels and rose up
to meet them, and he bowed himself with
his face toward the ground. He recognized
them as
angels, and he said, 'Behold now, my lords,
turn in, I pray you, into my house and
tarry
all night. Wash your feet, and you shall
rise up early and go on your
ways.'And
they said,
'No, we would rather abide here in the
streets.'And
he pressed upon them greatly,
and they turned in unto him and entered
into his house, and he made them a feast
and did bake unleavened bread, and they
did
eat. Now these angels
ate; they were not just spirit beings,
ethereal, but they were
nebulous—they
could digest food, they
could eat food. And they went to Lot's
house and they ate a feast of unleavened
bread.
Now before they laid down that night, the
men of the city, even the men of Sodom,
compassed Lot's
house roundabout, both old men and young
men, and all people from all quarters. And
they called unto Lot and they said, 'Hey Lot,
where's those men that came to you this
night? Bring them
out that we may know them,'or bring them
out that we may have relations with
them. Lot went out to the door unto them
and shut the door after
him. The reason he shut the door after
him is he didn't want those angels to
hear him negotiating with these evil
men, because once you ever go to the
devil's negotiating
table, you're not going to get away until
you give something
up. And notice what he
said: he called them 'brethren.'He said,
'Brethren, don't do so
wickedly.'What
did you call them?
Brethren?
Lot, do you know who you are? Do you know
that your
uncle is
Abraham? Have you forgotten that your uncle
is called the friend of
God? And you're out here dealing with
these wicked,
evil
sodomites and you're calling them
brethren? Well, where does that put
you?
And it gets more interesting. Listen to
this. He said, 'I've got two
daughters.'Well,
I have a question: reckon
how those daughters felt about that time?
He closed the door behind him; he didn't
want those angels to hear him negotiating
with these evil
men. He said, 'I've got two daughters which
have never known a man; they're
virgins. Let me bring them out to you and
you do good to them as you see in
your eyes, but to these men don't touch
them, for therefore they came under the
shadow of my roof.'You know what this is?
Lot did
this—yes—willfully
ignorant. 'I'll give
you my
daughters. I don't care what you do to
them.'In
other words, 'I'm willing to put
my daughters on the negotiating table.
Don't touch the angels, but you can have
my daughters.'Well, what does that
mean? First of all,
the angels are well able to take care of
themselves. Amen! They're well able to
take care of themselves. As a matter of
fact, they're going to see within 24
hours he'll take care of everybody in
that whole double twin city, Sodom and
Gomorrah.
But he offered his
daughters—willfully
ignorant. What are you talking
about, man?
Your uncle is Abraham! Have you
forgotten
who you
are? Have you forgotten that Abraham is
the friend of God? God said he's his
friend, and you're out there talking
about these people and you're
negotiating with these people and
willing to give Uncle Abraham's
great-nieces
to these men to have their way
with them? You see what I'm talking about?
Sin will make a literal fool out of
you.
And they said, 'Stand
back!'And
they said again, 'This one fellow
came in to sojourn and he needs be a
judge. Now we'll deal worse with you
than
with them.'And they pressed sore upon the
man,
even Lot, and they came to break
the door
down. Such a strong spirit of lust was
loose in those cities; it was permeating
the atmosphere of those twin cities,
Sodom and Gomorrah. And these men were
burning under that strong spirit of
lust, and they came to break the door
down because Lot would not present those
men to them. They were
going to come in, break the door down, and
get them and rape
them. And the Bible says
the angels put forth
their hand, pulled Lot into the house to
them, and shut the
door. And they smote the men that were
at the door of the house with
blindness, both small and great, so that
they wearied themselves to find the door.
Now, I have something I'd like to say: if
I was one of those men of Sodom and
there were two men in there that I was
interested in, and I saw that they had
the power to do that, I'd just say, 'I'm
going to the house. I don't want
nothing to do with
that.'But
they had the
power to
blind those men. The Bible said there was a
bunch of them—they surrounded the house,
they were violent, they were ready to
break down the door—there was a bunch of
them. But the angels could well take care
of themselves, and they blinded those men
and they went groping off in the
dark. And so here's what it says: the men
said to
Lot, 'Is there anybody else here besides
your
daughters and sons-in-law and your
sons and whatever you have in the city?
Bring them out of this
place.'In
other words, it was a state of
emergency. Now, when the angels really
saw that it was a state of
emergency, the angels said, 'Is there
anybody else here
besides your daughters and
sons-in-law
and your sons and whatever you have in
this city? Go get it and bring it out
of this place. We're going to destroy
this place.'They said it: 'We're going to
destroy this place because the
cry
of this sin is waxed great before the
face of the Lord, and the Lord has sent
us to destroy it.'God didn't destroy
Sodom and Gomorrah; the angels had been
authorized, delegated authority to
destroy Sodom and Gomorrah. The angels
did. Two
angels. And so the Bible said Lot went
out and spoke to his sons-in-law that
married his daughters and said, 'Up! Let's
get out of
here. God is going to destroy this
city.'But
look at this now; everybody look at
me and listen to me carefully. The Bible
said when he told his sons-in-law that
it was
such a state of
emergency, they were willfully ignorant
because they saw what
happened. Could I tell you right now
we're living in one of the most crucial
times America has ever gone through, and
most of the American people have
blinders
on?
They don't want to see it, they don't
want to hear it. People in churches don't
want to hear it and they don't want to
see it. We just want some good singing,
and we want to love our little pastor,
and we just want to have us a nice
little church, but they don't want to
hear what the watchman on the wall has
to say
anymore. Are you listening to
me? I think most of my ministry is behind
me—I've
been in this thing 53
years—so
I've got nothing to prove.
If you're thinking that I'm going to get
worried that you're not going to like me,
friend,
think again. It's not going to
bother me if you like me or you don't
like me. What I'm trying to say is this:
if I hear something that you need to
hear, I'm going to tell you, and I'm not
going to back up from telling
you. So there was major blindness.
But the Bible said in the morning,
those
angels told Lot, 'Get your family
out of here. Evacuate your house, y'all
evacuate Sodom and Gomorrah. Get all
that you've
got. Get out, hurry, get
out!'They
said, 'Tomorrow morning we're going to
destroy these cities.'So it said in
the morning,
they arose and the angels hastened
Lot. The angels stayed there with them
all night, and the angels hastened
Lot—that
means they came with a state of
emergency—'Lot,
arise, get
up, get your wife
up, get your daughters up which are here,
lest you be
consumed with the sins of this city.'Are you hearing what that said? "Lest you be
consumed with the sins of
the
city."There's
sins right now in major
cities in America
that if people don't learn to wake up
and get out of some of these cities, the
sins of those cities are going to
consume many of these people. I'm telling
you, I don't mind telling you: it's time.
There comes a time to come, and there
comes a time to go. You need to flee for
your
life! I want to show you what I'm talking
about. That may sound like a radical
statement, but I want to tell you what
I'm talking about. I wonder if the
day's
going to come in America, before Jesus
comes, that cities are going to become so
lawless, and you're going to have such
district attorneys that won't prosecute
felons, and there's going to be lawlessness
on every hand—robbery, murder, all these
things—and
people are still living there
with blindfolds on. But there's preachers
like me that God's raising up, and others
that God's raising up, and He may be
saying, "Think about getting out while you
can.
This place is becoming a Sodom and a
Gomorrah.
Get out while you
can!"Some
of you, when you heard me say
that, you might put the brakes on and say,
"Oh, now he's beginning to get a
little bit fanatical."No, I want you to
listen to what I'm saying. I'm telling
you right now, you better pray for many
of your relatives that live in some of
these large cities. The devil is trying
to consume these cities, and he's trying
to consume the Christian; he's trying to
gobble up the churches. When is the last
time you've ever heard of a powerful
Holy Ghost-filled church in some of
these big cities? They're being gobbled
up and spit out. Be careful, friend, that
you don't stay too long in
Sodom. Oh my God, I said be careful that
you don't tarry too long in Sodom. Get out
while the getting is good!
Listen, it said, "while he
lingered."While
he
what? While he
lingered. If I've got an angel over here
telling me to get out, I'm going to say,
"Okay,"you
know? But while he
lingered—you
know what that
was? You got it: willful
ignorance.
Now listen to
this: the angels laid hold on his hand.
Look at this, the angels laid hold on his
hand. An angel touched him. If you're in a
stupor,
I would think that if an angel
touched me, I'd say, "Whoa, thank you very
much!"An
angel talked to him, an angel
warned him, and now an angel reached out
and grabbed hold of him. Wow! And look
what he
said: laid hold of his hand and the hand
of his wife. God was showing
mercy. They evacuated them out of the
city marked for
destruction. And so now the angel said,
"Let us give you our
plan of where to go. Now that we got you
out of the
city, we want to tell you the best
route."So
when they had brought them
forth
abroad, the angel said, "Escape for your life!
Now look not behind
you. Don't stay in all the plain. Get out
of the
plain.
Escape to the mountain, lest you be
consumed."I
brought you out of the city, I
took you by the hand, I warned you, I
can't do anything else. We've got to go
back and destroy these
cities, but now keep
going. Escape to the mountain; don't stay
in these plains, lest you be consumed.
You're going to stay? You're going to be
too close. There's going to be a terrible
fire and
brimstone; you don't want to stay here.
Keep moving, keep moving fast! And Lot
said, "Oh no, no, not so, my
Lord! If I have found grace in your sight,
and you have magnified Thy mercy which
you showed unto me in saving my life, I
can't escape to the mountain.
What? I can't escape to the mountain, lest
some
evil would overtake me and I
die."I
think if I'd been that angel, I'd
give
a swift kick in his rear
end. I think I'd have kicked him so hard
I would have knocked him past the Milky
Way! "I can't, lest some wild animal kills
me."You
know what the angel should have said?
"Oh, you're going to die? We can arrange
that if you just stay here in the plains!
You're going to die, but I'm telling you,
go to the mountains; that's the safest
route."How
many of you know if an
angel's talking to me, I'm going where
the angel tells me to
go? But he became willfully
ignorant—willfully
ignorant. He heard it,
but he rejected the
information.
Look at
this: "I can't escape to the mountain,
lest
some evil take me and I
die. Behold now, this city is near to flee
into; it's just a little
city. Let me escape to this city. Is it
not a little city? And my soul shall
live."So
Lot hesitated and challenged the
directions that the angels chose to give
him and his
family, and he said, "There's wild animals
there; I may
die."See
what happens whenever you're in
a place where there's major sin? You lose
your reasoning
abilities. Understand that when you're in
a place where there's prolific
sin, and where there are abominable sins
that are really strong in that
city, it affects people's
thinking. And there's no doubt in my mind
but what's going on in America today;
there's such abominable
sins taking place that it's even
affecting the
logic and the
reasoning of many normal people. They're
not even thinking normal
anymore. They're not thinking about how
great God is; they're not thinking about
how thankful they ought to be that God
sent the angels. They're thinking about
wild
animals, wild
animals. And listen to
this: so the Bible says
Lot plotted his own escape route and
chose a little city called
Zoar.
And the angel said, "Well,
hurry."So
as the sun came up that morning
on the earth, Lot entered into Zoar. He
didn't do what the angels told
him; he didn't go to the mountains. He
went where he wanted to
go. He was not open for instruction. You
know what I'm seeing today?
I'm seeing many good people that used to
be close to God and love God—I'm seeing
many of them now where they don't take
instructions
anymore from men of God, women of God, and
including the Word of God. They're
choosing what's right in their own sight.
Are y'all listening to what I'm saying? I
said, are you listening to what I'm
saying? You know I'm telling you the
truth. Now listen to
this: when the sun came up on the earth,
Lot was entering into Zoar. He got his
way. God wouldn't wait another
minute; He told those angels, "Let it
go."It
rained down fire and brimstone, and all
the inhabitants perished. Now, this is so
strange to
me. Abraham interceded for
Lot, but Abraham also interceded for
Sodom and Gomorrah. But have you ever
thought about
this? That city was so
wicked that
Abraham stopped interceding at ten, and
he said
surely He won't do it because there's
surely ten righteous
there. Well, Lot was
considered
righteous. Lot escaped by the skin of his
teeth, only because of his uncle
Abraham. That culture of Sodom and
Gomorrah had worked its way into the
very pores of the fiber of their
souls that when the angel said, "Don't
turn and look back,"Lot's wife turned
like this and looked back. Her feet
were
facing
Zoar,
but her head was facing
Sodom, and she froze and became a pillar
of
salt. And God rained down fire and
brimstone on Sodom and Gomorrah, and the
land was burned to a crisp, and to this
day, nothing grows
there. God destroyed
it.
Suppose there's people in America
today that are living in hellholes a lot
like that, cities with names of
cities that we all
know. How much longer can you stay there?
I'm asking you this
question: how much longer can you stay
there? How much longer can you stay where
Law and Order
is out the door? How much longer can you
stay where sodomites are teaching your
kids in the school
system? Sodomites are behind the
teacher's desk where your kids put an
apple on that desk, and they're teaching
them sexual things, and they're teaching
them, "You might not really be a male; you
might not really be a female."And if
you're beginning to wonder about that, "I
can help you."I think not! You better not
try to help my child;
you better not try to—I'll take care of
my child. But I'd just
like to ask this question:
how much longer can you stay in a city
like that with ungodly leadership,
darkness—prevalent
darkness? People
have
got their eyes covered
over, willful ignorance, and your kids are
being taught like that on every hand.
Listen, on every
hand, wickedness is taking over some of
our major
cities. The Lord warned me about the
winter and about the blue states. It
wasn't more about the red states, and I
saw more of people moving and
relocating—the
Lord warning them to
relocate and to start moving and doing
things over 2024, going into
2025. Those angels were coming
down, and they were going to these homes,
and they were doing this
motion with their hand, doing like this,
like, "Come on, come on, come
on,"telling
the people to
leave. "Come on, come
on,"warning
the people. Somehow
it was very strange because every
angel was doing the motion with their
hand;
they were waving the people to come on.
And so they did this for probably
several minutes. When
you're in the spirit, you know, I couldn't
really tell a time frame; you could just
sense an urgency on their faces. I could
see their faces, and it felt such an
urgency of a warning, telling the people
to, "Come, come, leave,
leave."You
know, that's what I felt.
They didn't say anything; I could just
see the body language, that they were in
a hurry. I'm coming to you with this
message about "The Earth is Speaking: Are
You Listening?"I'm dealing with
four major sins that will cause the
Earth to convulse.
And if you look in the Bible, you'll see
that man and land are indelibly
connected. The land will manifest what's
going on with the man. When God put Adam
in the garden, He put him there to tend
the land, and the land and Adam worked
together, and it was a beautiful thing.
But when man sinned, the land began to
rebel against man, and the land began to
manifest what was going on in man. Well,
that same
concept, that same principle is
working today, where the land is going to
manifest the sins that are proliferating
in our nation and in the nations of the
earth. They are
increasing at alarming rates; it's hard
to keep up with it. But you're going to
see the land begin to show forth, and
you're going to begin to see it act out
in the way of
earthquakes, volcanoes, the weather, and
many other
things—something
that you need to be aware of. It's going
to start happening rapidly and quickly.
I
can't tell exactly when, but it's coming.
The Holy Spirit spoke to me early in the
morning, and He said, "I want you to warn
the people this is coming. They need to
be aware so they won't be afraid; they
will pray."The Bible says that there's a
connection between sin and the
land.
God said unto Adam, "Because you've
hearkened
to the voice of your wife, and you've
eaten of this forbidden tree which I
commanded you, saying, 'You shall not eat of
it'—I
told you not to eat of it—cursed now
is the
ground for your sake."In
sorrow—the
ground is going to
disappoint you, and you're going to have
much sorrow because now the land is not
going to work with you. The land has got
a heavy load of sin on it, and it's not
going to work with you anymore.
Communication's been broken. You were a
steward; I created you to be a steward of
the land, and now you have lost your
stewardship of the land, and the land is
not going to work with you, and you're
not going to be able to work with the
land. And as long as man was right with
God, the land was
beautiful; it was
luscious; it produced with no
toil. And as soon as sin got connected
with both man and the
land—man
was even created from the earth,
man was created from
land—man
lost control and
dominion of his stewardship of the land,
and the land came under a curse. And it
started working against Adam and Eve. Man
became a servant to the land; he was
constantly having to deal with
thorns. God said, 'If my
people, which are called by my name, shall
humble themselves, and
pray, and seek my face, and turn from
their wicked ways; then I will hear from
heaven, I will forgive their sin,
and'—look
at this unusual wording—'I will heal
their
land.'In
other words, you'll be
incomplete if I just forgive your sins
and I don't heal the
land. The land and man need that
unity there. The man on the middle cross
was Christ; he was
God. They stretched him out like a
malefactor
on that middle
cross, and he took on himself the sins of
the
world. One man on the
middle cross took on the sins of the
whole universe, all of mankind. I believe
that's why the Bible says the sky turned
dark, because the devil is the Prince of
Darkness. I believe
demons
gathered like
bats and they came against that man on
the middle cross. Let me tell you
something, friend, there's never been a
hero like Jesus Christ. Nobody. But notice
what happened when Jesus hung on the
cross: the Bible said there was a
great earthquake. Now, isn't that
strange? What a time for an
earthquake! What does that mean? When he
took on all the sins of the world, the
Earth saw the sins of the world being
piled on Christ and the Earth
couldn't take it; it reacted, it
convulsed, and the Earth shook. There was
a great
earthquake when Jesus died; at the sixth
hour, he gave up the
ghost. In connection with him becoming
the sin offering, the Earth convulsed.
That's what it
does when there's an intensification of
sin: the Earth
quakes.
When Jesus made an end to
sin and he went down into
hell and he defeated and spoiled powers
and principalities—and he did it
single-handedly—and
he came up out of
the grave and he brought those that
were
down there in Paradise, in the heart of
the earth and Abraham's bosom. When
Jesus came forth from the grave, he
conquered sin, death, and the grave. And
when he came forth, the Bible said the
Earth quaked
again. Look at it on Resurrection morning;
it said, 'And behold, there was a great
earthquake.'Listen:
two earthquakes in
three
days, and Israel doesn't have that many
earthquakes. Listen to me: when he became
sin, the Earth
reacted and whenever he resurrected from
the dead and he conquered sin,
the Bible said there was a great
earthquake. You know what a great
earthquake is? 6.0 or
above. And so, not only when Jesus rose
that morning from the grave did
that get
some attention, but the earthquake also
heralded his resurrection and said, 'Yeah,
he's the one. He dealt with it. He
thoroughly dealt with the sin
issue.'Now
there's four
sins that the Bible mentions that
defile
the
land, and the Bible mentions these four,
and they're powerful sins, and they're
all in motion right now. The first sin that I
want to talk about is
idolatry. God said, 'I will repay them
double for their wickedness and their
sin, because they've defiled my land
with the lifeless forms of their
images, their vile images, and they have
filled my inheritance with their
detestable
idols.'Today,
there's a spirit of strong
delusion in
America. People think they can worship
another god besides our God, and people
are led to believe that there's another
way to the Father other than through
Jesus Christ. This is not the case. You'll
be cursed if you believe that. There is
only one God. There is only one
Jehovah. He's the God of Abraham, Isaac,
and Jacob. He had a son and his son's
name is Jesus Christ, and he's the Savior
of all mankind. There is no other way to
the Father save by Jesus Christ. In the
days of Elijah, the nation of Israel had
backslid. Jezebel now and her husband
Ahab were on the throne leading
Israel. Idolatrous worship was going on
under Jezebel and Baal, and it was
worship called Baal
worship. It was during the time of
Elijah the
prophet. And the Bible says in
Deuteronomy 28:
'If it shall come to pass, if you'll obey
the voice of the Lord your
God, and observe carefully his
commandments which he commands you today,
that the Lord your God will set you on
high above all the nations of the
earth.'That's
what he'll do. 'The Lord will open
unto
you his good
treasure, the heavens, and he will give
you
rain on your land in its season, and
he'll do that to bless the work of your
hand, and you'll be so blessed that
you'll lend to many nations but you will
not
borrow.'Deuteronomy
also says this: 'But it
shall come to pass, if you don't obey the
voice of the Lord your God to observe
carefully all of his commandments and
his statutes which I command you today,
that all these curses
will come upon you and overtake
you.'One
of the curses is in verse 23: 'Your
heavens which are over your head shall
be bronzed over and the earth which is
under your feet will become iron.'And the
Lord will change the rain of your land
to powder and
dust. If you don't obey the Lord, and you
don't serve him, and you don't give him
honor for creating you and giving you a
chance to live on the earth, but you're
going to turn after some other god, some
other evil entity, and you're going to
give your worship to that, he'll change
the rain that he would normally give you
in your land—he'll change it to powder
and dust. From the heaven it shall come
down on you until you're
destroyed. This land will destroy you if
you turn to idols. So isn't it
interesting that the heavens were shut
and no rain could fall in the days
of
Elijah for three years because they were
falling into Baal worship? The children
of Israel were falling into
Baal
worship and the Bible said God raised up
Elijah the Tishbite, of the inhabitants
of Gilead, and he said to Ahab, 'As the
Lord God of Israel lives, before whom I
stand,'Elijah
prophesied and he said,
'There will be no
rain for these years, except
it comes out of my
mouth. You have turned to Baal, you have
turned away from the Lord, and now the
heavens will withhold the rain until I
say
so.'And
you remember when Elijah built
the altar to
God and those of Baal worship built
their altars—the prophets of Baal built
their
altars—and
Elijah prayed. They prayed, and
you know the Bible said that the Lord
answered Elijah by
fire, and it said the fire of the Lord
fell and consumed the burnt sacrifice,
and the wood, and the stones, and the dust,
and licked up all the water that was
in the trench. Now, when all the people
saw it, they fell on their faces and they
repented and they said, 'The Lord is God!
The Lord is God!'When they saw the fire
of God and that God answered by fire,
they repented right there and they knew
that they were in a false religion. And
Elijah said to them, 'Seize the prophets
of
Baal!'And
Elijah brought them down to the
brook Kishon and he killed them. Elijah
killed
400 false prophets
himself. And then Elijah said something
interesting
after he killed the 400 false
prophets
and after the children of Israel
repented and said the Lord is God. Look
what he said. Elijah said, 'Go up now and
eat and drink, for now there's a
sound of
rain.'Rain's
coming! As soon as that idolatry was
dealt with and people repented, now the
rain is going to come back. The second sin
that the Bible said will cause the Earth
to convulse and to
vomit is the sin of immorality:
fornication and
homosexuality. Leviticus 18 discusses
sexual sins. God said, 'Do not defile
yourselves
with any of these ways because this
is how the nations that I'm going to
drive out before you became
defiled.'Even
the land, he said, was defiled, and I
punished them for their sins, and
the land vomited out
its
inhabitants. Everybody look at me and
listen to me: God said the land vomited
the people
out, caused them to have to
evacuate. They couldn't stay on
that land for whatever reason; they had
to evacuate. God caused the land to cause
the people to spew them out where they
couldn't come
back. God said, 'If that's the way you're
going to treat me...'I'm God. When there was
nothing, I created the earth. I created
you out of nothing and I put you on the
earth and gave you a shot at life. And
this is how you're going to treat me,
with all this stuff going on about trans
issues
and the schools teaching kids,
little kids, about trans and you're not
really a female. You're not really a
male. And all this stuff is happening;
it's increasing the sin in the land, and
the Earth is
going to convulse in ways you can't
begin to imagine. Here's what the Lord
said to tell you: He said there's going
to begin to be things happening that the
Earth has never seen, but it's still
going to be convulsing and vomiting.
It's going to be things the Earth has
never seen, and they're going to say, "What
does this mean?"I don't even know what it
means because I haven't seen it either, but
the Lord said it will be on people's
lips: "I wonder what this
means?"But
you're going to see it, and
you're going to remember this
message.
Jeremiah chapter 23 said the land is
full of
adulterers; the land is full of
people that are not faithful to a marriage
partner.
Jeremiah said the land's full of
adulteries—full
of
it—because
of the curse the land lies
parched and the pastures in the desert
are
withered. The prophets follow an evil
course and use their power
unjustly. Listen to this: in the days of
Noah, there was extreme sexual perversion.
There were even fallen
angels coming down to have sex with
the daughters of
men, and society and civilization had been so
corrupted and
polluted with the natural and the
supernatural coming together in sexual
unity that giants came forth from that
union. It was
Nephilim;
the sons of God were
copulating and having relations with the
daughters of men, and it produced a
hybrid race
that disgusted
God. God said, "I can't permit this; I'm
going to destroy the Earth and all of
mankind."And
He found
Noah. If you don't think God will
destroy sin, you better think
again. God found a man by the name of
Noah and told him to build a
boat. He built this
boat, and it was only big enough for
eight people and two of all the
animals. The Bible said that the way
God destroyed the
Earth, the way God destroyed those
antediluvians,
was with
storms. The barometric
pressure
dropped on the planet—not just in the
Middle East, but the barometric pressure
dropped on the planet. The Bible said
it had never rained before; there was
just a dew and a mist that would come up from
the Earth to water the Earth. Rain began
to fall, and I'm talking about
torrential
storms for 40 days and 40
nights, and it flooded the Earth and
killed all of mankind with the exception
of Noah and his
family and the
animals. So it said in the 600th year of
Noah's life, in the second month, the 17th
day of the
month, all the fountains of the great deep—the
cistern
in the heart of the
earth that held rain
water—the
water that God had stored away, God even
commanded that
water to burst forth and it began to
come up. Water came up from the earth
and water came down on the earth for 40
days and drowned
everything. The windows of heaven
were open, and the rain was on the earth
40 days and
nights. In the days of Sodom and
Gomorrah, there was such sexual
perversion that even when the angels
came and warned Lot,
the men of Sodom saw the angels come
to Lot's
house and they tried to capture those
angels and have sex with them. They were
just burning
with
lust, and the angels had to blind those
men and they went staggering out into
the night because they were trying to
overwhelm and rape those angels. That's
how powerful and how lustful
sin and lust had broken out in the earth.
And so the Bible says that the Lord
rained down brimstone and fire on Sodom
and
Gomorrah
from the Lord out of the heavens. He
overthrew those cities—God overthrew
those
cities and all the plain and
inhabitants—and
the Bible says, look at
this: what grew on the
ground He scorched. He put
an end to
it.
You better be
careful. I'm going to say this
and stick my neck out. It
doesn't
bother me a bit to
say it, but I think it's going to give
some of you
heartburn.
Just like these people out there in
America
marching with the Palestinians and
marching for
Hamas and protesting against
Israel—you
see that
happening—that
same
spirit is loose in America where people
are protesting for the rights of
homosexuals and
transgenders, and it defies everything
that has to do with God and His
holiness. If you ever fall in that
trap, you're going to be lost and you're
going to be damned with the rest of them.
I'm telling you, you better back up
and think twice; you better be what God's
for and you better be against what God's
against. That is the truth. Hear me
everybody, hear me as clear and as plain
as I can say it: you have no choice in
the matter. If God's against it, I'm
against it. I don't need to know
anything
else. If He says it's
an
abomination, it's an abomination. Listen: God
has not turned His back on the
homosexuals, but He's turned His back on
that homosexual spirit. It's damning this
country; it's going to damn
America—don't
you be damned with
it. The third reason that the Earth will
convulse and vomit is because of the
shedding of innocent blood.
It says in the Bible, "Bloodshed pollutes
the land. Atonement can't be made for the
land on which the blood has been shed
except by the blood of the one who shed
it."In
other words, they'll have to pay
the cost of it. Do not defile the land
where you
live, where I dwell, for I the Lord dwell
among the
Israelites. I want to show you something
about Cain and Abel.
Cain talked with Abel his brother
and it came to pass, when they were in
the field, that Cain rose up against Abel
and slew him—killed him, murdered him in
cold
blood. And the Lord said to Cain, "Where's
Abel your brother?"He said, "I don't know.
Am I my brother's
keeper?"One
of the first things where
your rebellion shows up is in your
mouth. When you take a stand opposite of
God's, you'll become a smart
Alec
and you'll find fault with anybody
that tries to take a stand for
holiness. And He said, "What have you done?
The voice of your brother's blood is
crying to me from the
ground."In
other words, what God's saying
is, "I, as God, can hear the voice of that
blood."That
blood doesn't need vocal
cords, a tongue,
or
lungs; I hear
that blood crying out to me from the
ground. Look at this, this is what God
said to Cain: "You're cursed from the earth,
which has opened her mouth to receive
your brother's blood."Cain was a tiller
of the ground, and
Abel brought God an offering from the
flocks—a
blood offering. But Cain was
a
tiller of the ground; he made his living
from the
ground. It said when you till the ground
from now
on, it won't yield to you
anymore because innocent blood's been
spilled on this ground. The ground now
will turn against
you. And He said, "When you till the ground,
it won't yield unto you its strength, but
a fugitive and a vagabond shall you be
in the earth."I looked up that word
"vagabond"and
I was shocked: one who has
no home, or
is
homeless; a desperate feeling of having
no place to go; a desperate feeling of
not belonging
anywhere; not being able to be employed;
no chance to have a vision or
a
good outlook for your future. Listen to
me: the largest city in America is New
York City on the east coast, and the
Earth is vomiting people out of New
York City; they're leaving it by the
thousands. That's one of the major
abortion capitals of the world where
they're doing full-term
abortions, and the city
is
vomiting people out. They're
coming to Florida, they're going to Texas,
they're coming to Georgia, they're going
to South Carolina—all kinds of places.
They're leaving there by the tens of
thousands every month. There's a mass
exodus, and people are leaving California
by the hundreds of thousands and they're
settling in Texas,
Arizona, and all
other kinds of places all up and down the
Gulf Coast.
The Earth is vomiting them out. Why?
Because of the shedding of innocent
blood. The cities are
vomiting—they're
venting out the inhabitants.
What you're going to see in
America—and
I want you to hear me because I'm telling
you the truth—the cities that continue
on with this killing of the innocent
and shedding of innocent blood... when they
kill these babies and their blood is
crying out,
God hears them crying out from the
ground. God is about to rise up and He's
about to bring judgment in a way that
you can't begin to even understand. The
Earth is crying out, the Earth is
mourning, and the Earth is travailing
and
groaning because of the
shedding of innocent blood. And
homelessness is going to
increase in beautiful cities across
America that used to be picturesque
and were
on travel folders; now
you don't want to go there because
there's people in the streets by the
tens of thousands. Number four is broken
covenants. The Bible said the Earth is
defiled by its people; they have
disobeyed the laws, violated the statutes,
and broken the everlasting covenant.
Therefore a curse consumes the Earth.
People must bear their guilt for
breaking covenant; therefore Earth's
inhabitants are burned up and very few
are
left. God looks at covenant as
sacred; these are oaths that must not be
broken. Why are we seeing a proliferation
of
divorce? Because it's a breaking of
covenant—until
death do
us
part.
America made a covenant with God.
Those who came to Jamestown
in 1607
in the Virginia
Compact, the reason why they
came, they said, was to propagate and to
expand the gospel of the kingdom of the
Lord Jesus Christ and to take the gospel
to people who were lying in darkness and
had no knowledge of the one true God. Yes,
the pilgrims arriving in Massachusetts
stated the same thing in
1620; they proclaimed having undertaken a
voyage for the glory of God and the
advancement of the Christian faith. Yes,
John Winthrop said, in leading 700
Puritans to Massachusetts in
1631, "Others may come to the new world
for the wealth and for the
furs, but we come with another goal.
We've come and entered into
an explicit covenant with God to be His
people in a new world."According to
the historian William
Federer, such Christian compacts became
the model for the U.S.
Constitution. Our Founders put God first
and foremost in the Declaration of
Independence. Scripture is even on the
Liberty Bell to "proclaim liberty
throughout the land to all the
inhabitants thereof."America must not
forget the Judeo-Christian foundation
and the covenants that were made with
God when our nation was founded. If we
forget, God said the land will
vomit and the land will spew you out. If
you break covenant with God... one covenant
I want to draw your attention to as I
close. The Bible says this in Genesis: the
Lord made a covenant with Abram,
saying,
"Unto thy seed have I given this land,
from the river of
Egypt, the
Nile River, to the river Euphrates."Right there—the Nile River in blue,
Euphrates River—God said, "I'm giving you
all this
land."That
includes
Jordan, most parts of Iraq,
Syria, and even parts of Saudi Arabia. And
I quit drawing the line because we don't
know how far that way the line goes, but
we do know it goes from the River
Nile to the Euphrates
River. That's land they haven't gotten
back yet. Somebody says, "Do you think this
Psalm
83 is the war that's happening
there right now?"I think it very well
could be. I think it's still developing. I
think it's still simmering on the stove.
I think it's possible. The Bible
said that the same day the Lord made a
covenant with Abram. He made a covenant.
When God makes a covenant,
it
is
forever. And He said, "Unto your seed,
to
the Jews, have I given this land from
the river of Egypt to the great river
Euphrates. I will make of you a great
nation, Abram, and I will bless you and
make your name great, and you shall be a
blessing. And I will bless them that
bless you; I will curse them that curse
you; and in you shall all the families of
the earth be blessed."This is a direct
correlation to how God treats
people. He said, "I'll treat them badly
that treat you badly, and I'll treat them
wonderfully that treat you
wonderfully."God
watches over His land and He
watches over
Israel. When a nation mishandles
Israel—and
I want you to stop and say this, I
want everybody to look at me and listen to
me
carefully—oh
my
God, October
7th, innocent
blood. I'm saying this in context of what
I'm preaching this morning: innocent
blood, cutting
babies'heads
off, killing little children's parents
before their very eyes, and kids hiding
out in the cabinet for 16 hours before
they're
rescued, taking
hostages, shooting people, raping
women... such
unthinkable
behavior. And that happened right there
in Israel. I don't think that Hamas has
counted the cost of the hell that's
coming to them. And I'm not talking
about, necessarily, through the IDF; I'm
talking about from the hand of
God. Because that's God's land; His eyes
are on it from the beginning of the year
to the ending of the year. That was
innocent blood that was shed. They did
nothing to anybody; there was already a
ceasefire. So here's what I want to say
to you in regard to what's going on in
Israel right now, and what's going on in
Gaza, and what may be about to go on in
the other nations right around Israel:
just keep your station
tuned. Because with that being
shed—innocent
blood being shed in
Israel—we're
going to see the
retribution of God, and it's not going to
be
pretty. I could say a lot more about
it, but I'm just going to press
on. There's a direct correlation in how
God treats people who treat Israel a
certain way. He watches over it. When
Russia
comes against Israel in Ezekiel 38-39,
which is called the war of Gog and
Magog, when Russia comes with a coalition
of
nations—one
of the first ones mentioned
that comes with Russia against Israel is
Iran,
Persia, and there are other nations—it's a
coalition of nations that comes with
Russia against Israel. Here's what God
said—I
want you to look at this, watch
how He uses the earth and He manifests
Himself in the earth when they start
coming against Israel. Just listen to
this; this is
interesting: "It shall come to pass at the
same time when Gog comes against the
land of
Israel,"says
the Lord God, "that my fury
will come up in my
face. In my jealousy and in the fire of
my wrath have I spoken. In that day there
will be a great shaking in the land of
Israel; there will be an
earthquake in the land of Israel. The
fish of the
sea, the fowls of heaven, the beasts of
the field, and all the creeping things
that creep upon the earth, and all the
men that are upon the face of the earth
shall shake at my presence."God said, "I'm
mad!"And
the mountains will be thrown
down, and the steep places shall fall, and
every wall shall fall to the
ground. So that's what happens whenever
Russia decides to come against Israel.
And God will destroy Russia on the seven
mountains of Israel along with that
coalition of
nations. God said the fish of the sea
will see
it, the fowls that fly in the heaven will
see it, the beasts that graze in the
fields will see it, everything that
creeps upon the earth and all the men
that are upon the face of the earth—all
the nations—will
see
it and will shake at my
presence. And the
mountains will be thrown
down and the steep places will fall and
every wall will fall to the ground
whenever I stand up to defend Israel and
to keep them from this consolidated
effort to destroy
them. So that's why I say today, with
what's going on in Israel, with that
blood being shed—innocent blood being
shed right there in Israel in those
kibbutzim,
and the killing and the capture
and the hostages, and the way that's
being
handled:
13 a day for four days, and only God
knows how long
they're
going to keep the other
ones. It's just
an
insult, and God sees
it. Let me read to you this from the Book
of Revelation about an earthquake that's
going to take
place in the Book of Revelation after
the church is gone. Listen to
this: "When He had opened the Sixth Seal,
there was a great earthquake.
The sun became black as sackcloth of
hair, and the moon became as
blood. The stars of heaven fell to the
earth, even as figs cast
untimely
figs when the earth is shaken with
a
mighty wind and the heavens departed as
scroll."In
Revelation
16, when that angel poured out his
vial
into the air, there came a great voice
out of the temple in heaven saying, "It's
done."And
there were voices and thunders
and lightnings, and there was a great
earthquake such as was not since men
were upon the earth—the greatest earthquake
of all time, so mighty an earthquake. The
Bible says it's so
great. And the great
city was divided into three parts, and
the cities of the nations fell. The
cities of the nations fell. Now everybody
listen to me: this is not a regional
earthquake; this is a worldwide
earthquake where the
world is experiencing one major
earthquake. It's shaking the
nations of the world. This is not a
regional event like Los Angeles; this is the
nations of the world. Look how
powerful this earthquake
is: "the cities of the nations fell."Look at
that: "the cities of the
nations"—nations,
plural—"fell."And
great Babylon came
in
remembrance before God to give her the cup
of wine and the fierceness of His
wrath.
Every island fled away and mountains
were not found; it cast them to the
ground. Such a great
earthquake: islands passed away and
mountains
collapsed. Who could survive such a thing?
See, the earth is
convulsing. Why? The church is now gone.
There's nothing to hinder it anymore. So
the earth is convulsing like a mad
person. It's like they're having seizures;
it's like the earth is having a major
seizure. The church is gone, the
righteousness is gone, the people of God
are not here. Now hell's taking over and
the earth is going nuts. It's like it's
going into seizures. "It shall come to
pass that who flees from the noise of
fear shall fall into the pit, and he that
comes out of the midst of the pit shall
be taken in the snare. For the windows
from on high are open and the
foundations of the earth do
shake."The
shake. The earth is utterly broken
down, the earth is clean
dissolved, the earth is moved
exceedingly. Look at this: "The earth is
utterly
broken down."This is in Isaiah; it's
talking about the earthquake in
Revelation. "The earth is utterly broken
down, the earth is clean dissolved, the
earth is moved
exceedingly."It
sits
23-point-something
off of perpendicular to give us the
seasons, but the Bible says when this
earthquake takes place, the
earth is completely broken down and
completely dissolved. The cities
have
collapsed, the islands have fled away, the
mountains have collapsed. You say, "I don't
believe that."Well, you don't believe the
Bible. I'm trying to tell you, when the
church is out of here, you don't want to
be here. You don't want to be left,
friends. I'm just trying to paint you a
picture that if you're thinking somehow
that it's going to be a great
place to be...
no, it's going to be
something that you're not prepared for,
and neither is anybody
else. And it said, "The earth shall reel to
and fro like a drunkard."In verse 20, "the
earth shall reel to and fro."The earth
will do this right
here, like a drunkard walking down the
Bowery.
The earth will reel to and fro
like a
drunkard and shall be removed like a
cottage, and the transgression thereof
shall be heavy upon it, and it shall
fall and not rise
again. And that's why the Lord will burn
off the outer cosmos of the earth, and
there'll be a new heavens and a new
earth.
So I'm going to remind you one more time
and I'm going to let you
go. You will remember this
message because I'm telling you, I heard
from the
Lord. And the Lord said to tell
them that there are things coming upon the
Earth that they need to be aware of.
I'm just like that meteorologist
who
says there's a
low-pressure
system up in the
Pacific, and it's not going to hit us
right now, but it's working its way this
way, and we'll see the results of that
low-pressure
system. So there are some things that are not
going to happen right at the moment, but
they
may happen before this day is out, and
I'm just trying to tell you to be
prepared. Don't let it take your
breath away and don't let it shake your
faith, but you're about to see things as
evil proliferates and evil men
proliferate,
and things become more out
in the open, more
bold: nakedness, abominations, and perversion.
It becomes more
bold: innocent blood being shed,
persecution of Christians. As you see all
this stuff, the Earth is just going to go
into
convulsions, so be ready for it. I was
praying and the Lord showed me; He said, 'I
need you to pray for Italy.'And I said,
'What? What's going on with Italy,
Lord?'And
He showed me—I had
that open-eyed vision again—and He
showed me, He said, 'There's a massive
volcano that's about to happen.'And I saw
a coastline, but it's on the water,
and there's a massive volcano there, and
He told me, He said, 'This is going to
happen.'And
He said there will be signs
right before there's a massive explosion.
I saw it; I saw this thing explode huge,
and He kept having me pray over the
ocean, the water. There's something about
the water, the ocean around Italy, that is...
there's something very dangerous. There's
like a volcano in that water and this is
going to shoot off and it's going to
cause major devastation. It's
going to be very serious. Well, if you're
still watching, I hope you still are. I
hope you watched all that; that was a
blessing. I'm telling you, the man of God
that John Kilpatrick is, I'm telling you
that that sermon was an awesome
word from the Lord and I pray it
blessed you. If you're still watching,
I know you're a true follower of me,
and I just want to say thank you for
your support. Let me pray for you all.
I know it was a very sobering word,
and that's what it's going to take in
these end times to shake the people to
let them know what's coming. I know it's
not always going to be sugar and
gumdrops,
but sometimes we're
going to have to hear the hard things,
and that was a hard word and
it's a wake-up call. So I
want to pray for you all right now.
Father, I just thank you for every
single person that is watching this
video still right now. I pray healing and
wholeness and wellness over their bodies.
We call deliverance over their minds; I
call freedom in their spirits, Father,
that they're not bound by any kind of
demonic
spirit, and no stronghold can hold them
back. We thank you, Lord, that greater
is He that is in them than he that is in
the world, and no weapon formed
against them is going to prosper. We
thank you, Lord, for Your great mighty
power that flows through each and every
single one of us. Every believer that
will call upon Your name, You're there,
and I thank you, Lord, that You're no
respecter
of persons and that what
You'll do for one, You'll do for another.
And I thank you, Father, for Your blood
that covers us from the top of our heads to
the soles
of our feet. We thank you,
Lord, for Your divine protection,
and we give You all the glory, honor, and
praise for it in the name of Jesus. And
everybody say, 'Amen.'Well, if you could
like this video, please subscribe. If you
could click that notification bell, it
really helps us to get the gospel out. We
are literally changing lives one soul at
a time. People are coming to Jesus
through this YouTube channel on a daily
basis, and I just want to tell you thank
you for supporting me, thank you for
being a part of our family. Please
click those notification bells and
help us because it helps us with the
algorithm with YouTube. So I
just want to say thank you
from the bottom of
our hearts. And what
I want to tell you also is: Merry
Christmas! Merry Christmas, and this is
going to be an amazing year.
2024—you
soar! In 2024, we're going to soar
on wings of eagles. Big things
are coming in 2024 for the body of
Christ, and so I just want to say put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
will see you next time. You all have a
blessed one.
Bye-bye.